about.md, before:

---
title: About
---

<div class="image imageright">
  <img title="YT"
       alt="A photo of Benedict Eastaugh"
       src="$root/images/me.jpg">
</div>

I'm **Benedict Eastaugh**, a postgrad studying for an MA in
logic and philosophy of mathematics at the University of Bristol. Like most
people in the universe these days, I'm on Twitter as [@extralogical][twitter].

To get in touch, email me at [benedict\\@eastaugh.net][mail].

My philosophical interests lie in formal logic and formal approaches to
philosophy; foundational questions in the philosophy of mathematics; and the
philosophy of mind and perception.

An avid programmer, my current [projects] include [Firmin][firmin], a
JavaScript animation library, and various experiments with [Haskell][haskell].
I also have well-publicised addictions to coffee, [notebooks], and the work of
[J.G. Ballard][ballard] and [Philip K. Dick][pkd].

Extralogical's HTML is generated with [Hakyll][hakyll] and resides on
[Linode][linode].

  [projects]:  $root/projects
  [firmin]:    $root/projects/firmin
  [haskell]:   http://haskell.org
  [notebooks]: $root/about/notebooks
  [ballard]:   http://www.ballardian.com
  [pkd]:       http://archive.extralogical.net/taxon/philip-k-dick
  [mail]:      mailto:benedict@eastaugh.net
  [twitter]:   http://twitter.com/extralogical
  [hakyll]:    http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll
  [linode]:    http://www.linode.com/?r=d5b087a6d003b8d252fb3e48f23ecc7d95afcbcd

Commit message:

Make the about page flow a bit better.

about.md, after:

---
title: About
---

<div class="image imageright">
  <img title="YT"
       alt="A photo of Benedict Eastaugh"
       src="$root/images/me.jpg">
</div>

I'm **Benedict Eastaugh**, a postgrad studying logic and philosophy of
mathematics at the University of Bristol. Like most people in the universe
these days, I'm on Twitter as [@extralogical][twitter].

To get in touch, email me at [benedict\\@eastaugh.net][mail].

My research interests include foundational questions in the philosophy of
mathematics; using inductive logic to describe the dynamics of neural networks;
and structuralism about mathematics and metaphysics.

I also do a certain amount of programming: my current [projects] include
[Firmin][firmin], a JavaScript animation library, and various experiments with
[Haskell][haskell]. My addictions to coffee, [notebooks], and the work of
[J.G. Ballard][ballard] and [Philip K. Dick][pkd] have been well-publicised.
[Books on Extralogical][books] is a terrible guide to what I read, but a good
one to what I finish.

Extralogical's HTML is generated with [Hakyll][hakyll] and resides on
[Linode][linode].

  [projects]:  $root/projects
  [firmin]:    $root/projects/firmin
  [haskell]:   http://haskell.org
  [notebooks]: $root/about/notebooks
  [ballard]:   http://www.ballardian.com
  [pkd]:       http://archive.extralogical.net/taxon/philip-k-dick
  [mail]:      mailto:benedict@eastaugh.net
  [twitter]:   http://twitter.com/extralogical
  [books]:     http://books.extralogical.net
  [hakyll]:    http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll
  [linode]:    http://www.linode.com/?r=d5b087a6d003b8d252fb3e48f23ecc7d95afcbcd
