about/notebooks.md, before:

---
title: Notebooks
---

In April 2005 I wrote about [Moleskine notebooks][musings]. At that time I'd
been writing in them for a year or so. I'm still using them, but as with
programming languages, I don't write in just one kind of notebook. This page
collates a few recommendations I would make to anyone with similar needs.

Moleskine
---------

The classic pocket-sized hardback one---originally, of course, the only one
they sold---is still my weapon of choice for serious writing on the move.
Durable, well put together with excellent paper. The [cult][moleskinerie] is
endearing but I dislike being exposed as a pretentious dilettante.

Over the years I have tried their squared notebooks, for design work, and their
smaller Cahiers for portability's sake. However, I now prefer other notebooks
in these roles.

Rhodia
------

The Bloc Rhodia &#8470; 16 with 5&#215;5 mm graph paper is a superb
development notebook. Layouts, lists, copy, code---they all jump off the
crisp paper, and the detachable pages are the best I've used. Being
[bright orange][rhodiadrive], they're also quite hard to lose.

Field Notes
-----------

[Field Notes][fieldnotes] are classic memo books from [Coudal][coudal]. I
bought a pack on a whim, and they're robust enough for note-taking in the
garden and around the house. Slim, light and small, they accompany me most
places. I have some Muji notebooks too, but they don't fit into a pocket as
easily, so I tend not to use them.

Pens
----

I write with black [UB-150][ub150]s from the Mitsubishi Pencil Co.

  [musings]:      $root/2005/04/moleskine-musings
  [moleskinerie]: http://moleskinerie.com
  [rhodiadrive]:  http://rhodiadrive.com
  [fieldnotes]:   http://fieldnotesbrand.com
  [coudal]:       http://coudal.com
  [ub150]:        http://www.uniball.com/catalog/show/product.php?no=5

Commit message:

Add a bit about pencils to the notebooks page.

about/notebooks.md, after:

---
title: Notebooks
---

In April 2005 I wrote about [Moleskine notebooks][musings]. At that time I'd
been writing in them for a year or so. I'm still using them, but as with
programming languages, I don't write in just one kind of notebook. This page
collates a few recommendations I would make to anyone with similar needs.

Moleskine
---------

The classic pocket-sized hardback one---originally, of course, the only one
they sold---is still my weapon of choice for serious writing on the move.
Durable, well put together with excellent paper. The [cult][moleskinerie] is
endearing but I dislike being exposed as a pretentious dilettante.

Over the years I have tried their squared notebooks, for design work, and their
smaller Cahiers for portability's sake. However, I now prefer other notebooks
in these roles.

Rhodia
------

The Bloc Rhodia &#8470; 16 with 5&#215;5 mm graph paper is a superb
development notebook. Layouts, lists, copy, code---they all jump off the
crisp paper, and the detachable pages are the best I've used. Being
[bright orange][rhodiadrive], they're also quite hard to lose.

Field Notes
-----------

[Field Notes][fieldnotes] are classic memo books from [Coudal][coudal]. I
bought a pack on a whim, and they're robust enough for note-taking in the
garden and around the house. Slim, light and small, they accompany me most
places. I have some Muji notebooks too, but they don't fit into a pocket as
easily, so I tend not to use them.

Pens & pencils
--------------

My pens of choice are black [UB-150][ub150]s from the Mitsubishi Pencil Co.
Lately I've been mainly writing with pencils. I really recommend the Field
Notes ones: the cedar casing is wonderfully aromatic, and the graphite is dark.
Because they're unlaquered, they also feel great in the hand.
[Henry Petroski's book][thepencil] on the history of pencils is quite
fascinating.

  [musings]:      $root/2005/04/moleskine-musings
  [moleskinerie]: http://moleskinerie.com
  [rhodiadrive]:  http://rhodiadrive.com
  [fieldnotes]:   http://fieldnotesbrand.com
  [coudal]:       http://coudal.com
  [ub150]:        http://www.uniball.com/catalog/show/product.php?no=5
  [thepencil]:    http://www.pencilrevolution.com/2006/04/revolutionary-reading-the-pencil/
